Add note about Workers Playground snippets to the contributing guide (#13072)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

A member of the Product Content Experience team will review the pull request. If the changes are straightforward, the pull request is approved and can be merged. If the pull request is more technical and requires an additional review, the new reviewer will leave any additional feedback.
 If a pull request is not approved, the “won't fix” label is applied and a comment is added to explain why the pull request was closed.

## Workers Playground

> If you're adding a code snippet to the docs that's:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are adding a code snippet to the docs that is:
```

> 1. A fully contained, valid Worker (i.e. it doesn't require external dependencies or specific bindings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A fully contained, valid Worker (i.e. it does not require external dependencies or specific bindings)
```
